samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: ppp: updates (#6636)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added a new shell command ``cloud`` for establishing an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud.
  * Removed support for the GPS driver.
  * The LED 1 on the development kit indicates the LTE registration status.

>   * Bunch of PPP updates. For example, started using of Zephyr async ppp driver configuration to provide better throughput for dialup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Various PPP updates. For example, started using Zephyr async PPP driver configuration to provide better throughput for dial-up.
```
